### .Domain.Shared Project

This project contains constants, enums and other objects these are actually a part of the domain layer, but needed to be used by all layers/projects in the solution.

A `BookType` enum and a `BookConsts` class (which may have some constant fields for the `Book` entity, like `MaxNameLength`) are good candidates for this project.

* This project has no dependency on other projects in the solution. All other projects depend on this one directly or indirectly.

### .Domain Project

This is the domain layer of the solution. It mainly contains [entities, aggregate roots](../../framework/architecture/domain-driven-design/entities.md), [domain services](../../framework/architecture/domain-driven-design/domain-services.md), [value objects](../../framework/architecture/domain-driven-design/value-objects.md), [repository interfaces](../../framework/architecture/domain-driven-design/repositories.md) and other domain objects.

A `Book` entity, a `BookManager` domain service and an `IBookRepository` interface are good candidates for this project.

* Depends on the `.Domain.Shared` because it uses constants, enums and other objects defined in that project.

### .Application.Contracts Project

This project mainly contains [application service](../../framework/architecture/domain-driven-design/application-services.md) **interfaces** and [Data Transfer Objects](../../framework/architecture/domain-driven-design/data-transfer-objects.md) (DTO) of the application layer. It exists to separate the interface & implementation of the application layer. In this way, the interface project can be shared to the clients as a contract package.

An `IBookAppService` interface and a `BookCreationDto` class are good candidates for this project.

* Depends on the `.Domain.Shared` because it may use constants, enums and other shared objects of this project in the application service interfaces and DTOs.

### .Application Project

This project contains the [application service](../../framework/architecture/domain-driven-design/application-services.md) **implementations** of the interfaces defined in the `.Application.Contracts` project.

A `BookAppService` class is a good candidate for this project.

* Depends on the `.Application.Contracts` project to be able to implement the interfaces and use the DTOs.
* Depends on the `.Domain` project to be able to use domain objects (entities, repository interfaces... etc.) to perform the application logic.

### .EntityFrameworkCore Project

This is the integration project for the EF Core. It defines the `DbContext` and implements repository interfaces defined in the `.Domain` project.

* Depends on the `.Domain` project to be able to reference to entities and repository interfaces.

> This project is available only if you are using EF Core as the database provider. If you select another database provider, its name will be different.

### .DbMigrator Project

This is a console application that simplifies the execution of database migrations on development and production environments. When you run this application, it:

* Creates the database if necessary.
* Applies the pending database migrations.
* Seeds initial data if needed.

> This project has its own `appsettings.json` file. So, if you want to change the database connection string, remember to change this file too.

Especially, seeding initial data is important at this point. ABP has a modular data seed infrastructure. See [its documentation](../../framework/infrastructure/data-seeding.md) for more about the data seeding.

While creating database & applying migrations seem only necessary for relational databases, this project comes even if you choose a NoSQL database provider (like MongoDB). In that case, it still seeds the initial data which is necessary for the application.

* Depends on the `.EntityFrameworkCore` project (for EF Core) since it needs to access to the migrations.
* Depends on the `.Application.Contracts` project to be able to access permission definitions, because the initial data seeder grants all permissions to the admin role by default.

### .HttpApi Project

This project is used to define your API Controllers.

Most of the time you don't need to manually define API Controllers since ABP's [Auto API Controllers](../../framework/api-development/auto-controllers.md) feature creates them automagically based on your application layer. However, in case of you need to write API controllers, this is the best place to do it.

* Depends on the `.Application.Contracts` project to be able to inject the application service interfaces.

### .HttpApi.Client Project

This is a project that defines C# client proxies to use the HTTP APIs of the solution. You can share this library to 3rd-party clients, so they can easily consume your HTTP APIs in their Dotnet applications (For other types of applications, they can still use your APIs, either manually or using a tool in their own platform)

Most of the time you don't need to manually create C# client proxies, thanks to ABP's [Dynamic C# API Clients](../../framework/api-development/dynamic-csharp-clients.md) feature.

`.HttpApi.Client.ConsoleTestApp` project is a console application created to demonstrate the usage of the client proxies.

* Depends on the `.Application.Contracts` project to be able to share the same application service interfaces and DTOs with the remote service.

> You can delete this project & dependencies if you don't need to create C# client proxies for your APIs.

### .Web Project

This project contains the User Interface (UI) of the application if you are using ASP.NET Core MVC UI. It contains Razor pages, JavaScript files, CSS files, images and so on...

This project contains the main `appsettings.json` file that contains the connection string and other configurations of the application.

* Depends on the `.HttpApi` project since the UI layer needs to use APIs and the application service interfaces of the solution.

> If you check the source code of the `.Web.csproj` file, you will see the references to the `.Application` and the `.EntityFrameworkCore` projects.
>
> These references are actually not needed while coding your UI layer, because the UI layer normally doesn't depend on the EF Core or the Application layer's implementation. These startup templates are ready for tiered deployment, where the API layer is hosted on a separate server than the UI layer.
>
> However, if you don't choose the `--tiered` option, these references will be in the .Web project to be able to host the Web, API and application layers in a single application endpoint.
>
> This gives you the ability to use domain entities & repositories in your presentation layer. However, this is considered as a bad practice according to DDD.